feat(guide): enum argument (#124)
sapphiredev/website: docs/Guide/arguments/built-in-arguments.mdx

- `role`: Resolves to a [`Role`][role] instance, given a role name, mention or ID.
- `string`: Resolves to a string containing the parameter.
- `user`: Resolves to a [`User`][user] instance, given a user mention or ID.

> - `enum`: Resolves to a string if it occurs within the array of possible items that is passed as an option (`enum`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enum`: Resolves to a string if it occurs within the [`array`][array] of possible items that is passed as an option (`enum`).
```

- `role`: Resolves to a [`Role`][role] instance, given a role name, mention or ID.
- `string`: Resolves to a string containing the parameter.
- `user`: Resolves to a [`User`][user] instance, given a user mention or ID.

> - `enum`: Resolves a string [`array`][array] that is passed as an option `enum` and resolves the user to enter some of
>   those [`array`][array] items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enum`: Resolves to a string if it occurs within the array of possible items that is passed as an option (`enum`).
```

[voicechannel]: https://discord.js.org/#/docs/main/stable/class/VoiceChannel
[mdn-date]:
  https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date#several_ways_to_create_a_date_object

> [array]: https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[array]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
```
